docs: Add example for loading ESM from CommonJS (#1236)
node-fetch/node-fetch: README.md

}
```

`node-fetch` is an ESM-only module - you are not able to import it with `require`. If you are unable to use ESM in your project you can use the async `import()` from CommonJS to load `node-fetch` asynchronously:

```js
// mod.cjs
const fetch = (...args) => import('node-fetch').then(({default: fetch}) => fetch(...args));

> ```

Reviewer: I would recommend not to use the ESM version of node-fetch at all as long as your code base is CJS, I would recommend instead stick to the 2.x release. I'm afraid this might cause hard to understand/debug bugs. When people create isssues we would need to ask how they import node-fetch besides asking what version they are using.

Author: Are you saying we should add a note like: "if you are stuck with cjs, then you can also use a older version of node-fetch `@2.x` or `@v3.0.0-beta.9` that is built with cjs"?

Reviewer: Yes. I would only recommend `2.x` though. It's well tested and widely used for a long time now, and we can still ship 2.x releases in case of bugs or security concerns.

Author: Adding this after would that be fine?

```diff
+ The alternative is to stick with the `@2.x` branch that is built with cjs 
+ `npm install node-fetch@2`
```

Reviewer: I won't die on my hill 😁 

My concern is to reduce maintenance overhead, and implying that you can use `node-fetch@3` with an CJS app using the hack you showed above makes me worry about weird edge cases.

> Adding this after would that be fine?
> 
> ```diff
> + The alternative is to stick with the `@2.x` branch that is built with cjs 
> + `npm install node-fetch@2`
> ```

Adding this is better than not, I'd still vote to not recommend using v3 with CJS apps at all.

}
```

> Stuck with commonjs and can't use ESM imports?
> This is a ESM-only module. Using require to load an ES module is not supported because ES modules have asynchronous execution. Instead, use `import()` to lazy load an ES module from a CommonJS module only when needed.
> It can improve startup performance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an ESM-only module - you are not able to import it with `require`. If you are unable to use ESM in your project you can use `import()` in CommonJS to load `node-fetch`:
```

Author: how about this instead?

> `node-fetch` is an ESM-only module - you are not able to import it with `require`. If you are unable to use ESM in your project you can use the async `import()` from CommonJS to load `node-fetch` asynchronous:

Reviewer 2: Sure, but *asynchronously* instead of *asynchronous*

> node-fetch is an ESM-only module - you are not able to import it with require. If you are unable to use ESM in your project you can use the async import() from CommonJS to load node-fetch asynchronously:

```js

> // mod.cjs
> const fetch = (...args) => import('node-fetch').then(mod => mod.default(...args));

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const fetch = (...arguments_) => import('node-fetch').then(({default: fetch}) => fetch(...arguments_));
```

Author: I did not like the name `arguments_` it's to similar to arguments that is a reserved keyword.
think `args` is fine and common enough. 

if anything else then it should be
`const fetch = () => import('node-fetch').then(({default: fetch}) => fetch(...arguments))`

Reviewer 3: I don't think

```
const fetch = () => import('node-fetch').then(({default: fetch}) => fetch(...arguments))
```

Would work since `arguments` will refer to the inner function, and not the outer one.

-----

Personally, I prefer the version that was first added, that is with `...args` and `mod.default(...args)`.

Reviewer 2: > I did not like the name `arguments_` it's to similar to arguments that is a reserved keyword.

I like having full variable names since it makes the code more readable. Even if it seems easy enough, [you can never be so sure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPZ0pIK_wsc&t=171s).

Author: > Would work since arguments will refer to the inner function, and not the outer one.

Ah, right... stupid mistake :P

Reviewer 2: In which case,

```suggestion
const fetch = (...args) => import('node-fetch').then(({default: fetch}) => fetch(...args));
```

> Alternatively, you can stay on v2 which is built with CommonJS.

Author: fixed

}
```

> `node-fetch` is an ESM-only module - you are not able to import it with `require`. If you are unable to use ESM in your project you can use the async `import()` from CommonJS to load `node-fetch` asynchronously:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`node-fetch` is an ESM-only module - you are not able to import it with `require`. If you are unable to use ESM in your project you can use the async `import()` function from CommonJS to load `node-fetch` asynchronously:
```

```js
// mod.cjs
const fetch = (...args) => import('node-fetch').then(({default: fetch}) => fetch(...args));
```

> The alternative is to stick with the `@2.x` branch that is built with cjs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can stay on v2 which is built with CommonJS.
```
